["common cause of cancer-related death in women, with more than one million cases and nearly 600,000 deaths occurring annually worldwide ", "of metastasis involving regional lymph nodes, bone, lung, and liver, and the distant metastasis is closely associated with poor prognosis ", "cured by current therapies, including high dose chemotherapy, likely due to subpopulations of slow-dividing chemoresistant cells present in metastatic cells ", "in metastatic cells [3]. In addition, the triple negative breast cancers lack a therapeutic target and have a poor prognosis ", "potential in management of patients with breast cancer; one of the effective immunotherapies is use of natural killer (NK) cells ", "capable of mediating cytotoxicity against tumor cells and virally infected cells, constitute a key component of the innate immune system ", "cells have been shown to play an important role in controlling the growth of various tumor cell lines in mice ", "A phase II study of NK cell therapy in treatment of patients with recurrent breast cancer has recently been reported ", "[8]. However, because of the complexities of tumor microenvironments, effective therapeutic effects have not been achieved in NK cell therapy ", "Radioiodine (I-131) therapy inhibits cancer growth through induction of apoptosis and necrosis of cancer cells ", "it was shown that I-131 therapy can modify cancer cell phenotypes and enhance the effect of immunotherapy against cancer cells ", "[12]\u2013[14]. In particular, irradiated cancer cells show up-regulated levels of Fas and tumor necrosis factor\u2013related apoptosis inducing ligand (TRAIL) receptor ", "used, as the majority of breast cancer (70\u201380%) expresses human sodium/iodide symporter (hNIS), which is a specialized active iodide transporter ", "has been suggested to provide supportive evidence for use of I-131 as an additional modality for treatment of breast cancer ", "control techniques, improved chemotherapy regimens, and targeted treatments has resulted in immense gains in survival in individuals with breast cancer ", "to metastasize to distant visceral organs, and have a worse outcome with a high rate of recurrence after adjuvant treatment ", "outcome is urgent. An attractive approach to reducing the rate of recurrences in these individuals is use of immunotherapeutic strategies ", "immunotherapy, such as tumor-derived suppression cytokines, the absence of danger signals, loss of MHC class molecules, and low antigen levels ", "activation by cytokines, they are capable of extravasation and infiltration into most tissues that contain pathogen infected or malignant cells ", "a human NK cell line first established in 1994 from a 50-year-old male patient with an aggressive NK cell lymphoma ", "NK cell lymphoma [25]. The NK92 cell line has been examined clinically as a treatment for advanced sarcoma and leukemia ", "been shown to be virtually identical to the parental cell line, may be a more appropriate choice for clinical therapies ", "identical to the parental cell line, may be a more appropriate choice for clinical therapies [26], [27]. Nagashima et al. ", "cells are carried out by two main mechanisms. The first mechanism is granule-dependent cytotoxicity, where upon triggering by activating receptors ", "NK cell receptors, various intracellular signaling pathways drive NK cells toward cytotoxic action, which results in cytolysis of target cells ", "NKG2D on the tumor surface, perforin and granzyme B are released to the tumor cell, resulting in mediation of apoptosis ", "which are mainly specific for self MHC Class-I molecules. Members of the KIR family recognize HLA-A, B and C alleles ", "the TNF family and have been shown to induce target cell apoptosis when they bind their receptors on target cells ", "that radiation therapy concomitantly up-regulates the levels of Fas, DR5, and MIC A/B in several tumor cells. Ishikawa et al. ", "and DR5 expression in glioma cell lines and cytotoxicity of NK cells was enhanced after radiation therapy. Zhou et al. ", "radiation therapy and treatment with TRAIL resulted in significantly increased tumor cell apoptosis caused by radiation therapy. Xu et al. ", "addition, I-131 therapy is applicable to treatment of multiple metastatic breast cancer, which can take up I-131 by hNIS expression ", "applicable to treatment of multiple metastatic breast cancer, which can take up I-131 by hNIS expression [34]. Jeon et al. ", "of breast cancers are known to express hNIS and take up iodide, it would be applicable in the clinical setting ", "agents such as a retinoic acid, and enhancement by hNIS inducible agents has been well investigated in breast cancer cells "]